# Flow-Diagrams-Illustrating-Translation-Imbalances
This repository is my submission for task #T331204 in which we were expected to refine and extend the illustration to bring out additional details and also experiment with other types of diagrams.
<h2>Introduction</h2>
In this task we were expected to refine and extend the illustration that was already provided to us as an example. The data that was used in the generation of that chord diagram was provided <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/w/api.php?action=query&list=contenttranslationstats&format=json" target="_blank">Here</a>. To achieve the task I exported the data provided to us on the link into a a local CSV file. After exporting the data I first plotted a new chord diagram just like the one that was provided to us as an example since the example diagram was plotted in 2022 and the data might have changed significantly since then. The output I got has been uploaded by the name "chord_diagram_all_included.png". This diagram is quite similar to the one that is quoted as an example the only differenece being that there is a diference in the number of languages we have included in the diagram. In my initial sankey diagram I have included all the languages which shows a similar trend to the one in the examople. In my second diagram (sankey_diagram_excluding_english) I excluded english from both source languages and target languages. In this diagram we can see that now in place of english now their are three languages with the most number of translations. These languages are es, ru and fr. In the next diagram (sankey_diagram_excluding_en_es_ru_fr) I remove these three too. After removing the four main language we see that though their is still a very high imbalance of translation in so many languages (since half of the graph is still empty and has no lines) but the imbalances have decreased and the translation are distributed in more number of languages. 
